Goin’ To Chicago (Interview with Orbitz)
Published on November 05, 2008.
I’m going to Chicago this Thursay and Friday for an interview with orbitz.com.
With the help of some friends (and Google Maps) I compiled a map of stuff I should see while I’m there.
The timing might be kinda tight since I also have to interview (the main reason I’m there) but hopefully I can do things like:
See the mirror blob thing
Eat some pizza (Giordano’s seems to be the most popular choice)
Go up to the top (or almost the top) of the John Hancock building
Eat some popcorn
Go to the Apple Store (low priority but I need to do some name dropping or something)
This is my first time in Chicago (well, I drove through once to get to Michigan but didn’t stop) so it should be interesting.
I wonder if Obama is still hanging around.
Maybe I can do the fist bump with him if I run into him…